This is the google doc file for our project upon which our app is based.




Proposal  

What problem does your app solve?
We help backcountry guides log and advertise their personal and professional trips and journeys.
Be as specific as possible; how does your app solve the problem?
We allow users (guides) to advertise their trips and journeys by allowing users to update, personalize, and even privatise their top trips and experiences.


What is the mission statement?
Provides an alternate way for backcountry guides to advertise their services.
Features

What features are required for your minimum viable product?
FE:
Login / Sign Up pages.
Portfolio Page
CRUD
Private / Professional toggle button

UI:
Home page/ About page(team members)/ (sign in page to link to FE react)
-reactive-

BE:
tbd----------------------------


What features may you wish to put in a future release?
A working app


What do the top 3 similar apps do for their users?


Design - Planning

Optional but highly recommended Please refer to this document:
Build Weeks: Planning & Design Worksheet (How to build a beautiful application)
What design system will you use?


What will your user flow be?


What is the URL to your wireframes?


Frameworks - Libraries

What 3rd party frameworks/libraries are you considering using?
Backend: express, JWT, knex, postgres, CORS, helmet
Frontend: Bulma, Style Com., maybe semantic UI



Do APIs require you to contact its maintainer to gain access?
No.


Are you required to pay to use the API?
No.


Have you considered using Apple Frameworks? (MapKit, Healthkit, ARKit?)
No (do we have any reason to?).


Target Audience

Who is your target audience? Be specific.
People who like the outdoors.


What feedback have you gotten from potential users?
None, this is not really in the scope of the project right now.


Have you validated the problem and your solution with your target audience? How?


Research

Research thoroughly before writing a single line of code. Solidify the features of your app conceptually before implementation. Spend the weekend researching so you can hit the ground running on Monday.
Prototype Key Feature(s)

This is the “bread and butter” of the app, this is what makes your app yours. Calculate how long it takes to implement these features and triple the time estimated. That way you’ll have plenty of time to finish. It is preferred to drop features and spend more time working on your MVP features if needed.
